Document OSTREE_DEVICETREE. (#1695)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/build-configuration.adoc

| `OSTREE_COMMIT_BODY`|Message attached to OSTree commit. Empty by default.
| `OSTREE_COMMIT_SUBJECT`|Commit subject used by OSTree. Defaults to `Commit-id: $\{IMAGE_NAME}`
| `OSTREE_UPDATE_SUMMARY`|Set this to '1' to update summary of OSTree repository on each commit. '0' by default.
| `OSTREE_DEPLOY_DEVICETREE`|Set this to '1' to include devicetree(s) to boot.

> | `OSTREE_DEVICETREE`|Overrides `KERNEL_DEVICETREE` when determining which device tree blob(s) to deploy with OSTree.

Reviewer: This would be a filename, right? Or a list of files? This explanation wasn't enough for me to understand what the option does, so I read the related PR. But maybe this is a place where anyone reading it would have sufficient domain knowledge to understand. I'm gonna give a suggestion that I find to be a little bit clearer, but I may be getting some details wrong:

```suggestion
| `OSTREE_DEVICETREE`| Set the list device tree blob(s) to include in the OSTree image. Should be a strict subset of `KERNEL_DEVICETREE`. If not set, all devicetrees in `KERNEL_DEVICETREE` will be used.
```

Author: @tkfu I think you make a good point. I've taken the best of your suggestion, removed a not-strictly-accurate part, and made it conform closer to some of the other similar entries.
